Add host group retention information for renamed/decommissioned hosts (#34505)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/guide/why-did-my-monitor-settings-change-not-take-effect.md

For event monitors, however, Datadog also keeps groups for evaluations for at least 24 hours. This means that if a monitor is updated and the groups are changed in the query, some old groups may persist. If you must change the group settings on your event monitor, you may want to clone or create a new monitor to reflect your new groups. Alternatively, you can mute them if you would like to maintain the monitor but silence any alerts that would result from the changes.

## Renamed or decommissioned hosts appearing in alerts

When a host is renamed at the operating system (OS) level or decommissioned, the old hostname may continue to appear in monitor alert groups even after the host stops reporting data. This is expected behavior based on host group retention periods, which vary by monitor type:

- **Metric Monitors**: 24 hours
- **Host Monitors**: 48 hours
- **Service Check Monitors**: 48 hours

> The old hostname will remain in an alert state until the retention period expires, after which it will automatically age out and disappear from the monitor. Note that the old hostname will no longer appear in **Infrastructure > Hosts**, but will continue to be evaluated by monitors until the retention window passes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The old hostname remains in an alert state until the retention period expires, after which it automatically ages out and disappears from the monitor. **Note**: The old hostname will no longer appear in **Infrastructure > Hosts**, but will continue to be evaluated by monitors until the retention window passes.
```

### Workarounds

If you need to remove the old hostname from alerts before the retention period expires, you can use one of the following workarounds:

> - **Mute the alert group**: Mute the specific alert group for the old hostname while waiting for it to age out naturally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Mute the specific alert group** for the old hostname while it ages out naturally.
```
